I have another video of the two themes
that start with ever ravens model in you
Someone who just stepped tea this model too
never again data model decoy
on he as the first ajax we later number
involve your draw number
two the y-axis here is the time and that
time is a life here
you see that for attacks that
fluctuate you have good yes than the form
hi like a hare snow hare a lot less
good years like snow bunny and you see the
deep water responds to it or the perlator
the prey i talk music becomes forehead
here to good years of prey
we are of course also with links
for example good morning again
offspring rearing fact that
5 that population of liberator after roy
which had bad years really here
also use the drop again at the water
sees that such a kind to each other it is
very important that you realize that
the peak of detroit always before the peak
from the pirate there and what lies in it
model it's a model that's just that
also in real life with real numbers such as
see that again in 93
t you see that back for you with
obey the final exams are very demanding
important if you need these charts
signs that you actually makes good
see to your examiner that you are prey
Peak always comes before the pirate peak
lie
hi there we studied two
let 's look at success success
something very different but whatever
I have to make a drawing or in one
graphed again time in years
I have here
first x-axis idiomas drawn in the
second x-axis i have no lion or stand up
and make a few stitches what is session
Well Success II is a bare sand flat that
for example, reclaimed land here
Netherlands reclaimed sand that
is being colonized by the first
plants and finally to 100 200
year stands for good mail at that process
from room sand plain to forest yes that
do you know
16 I have a try again
give in a drawing
you see someone sprinting graze grasses
on the
the short-lived short-lived reputation
bushes and shrubbery here as they
according to god's
I want paper news presentation that
find here at the beginning
yes yes the pain that number climax
results in you see that biomass
is this black line that rising to
somewhere in that climax reputation because that
lady or plain and that it only goes 0 and
so here in timax presentation there is
recorded just as much by photosynthesis
on one or that by that simulation
more way comes to carbon dioxide
so the idea that the tropical rain forest
it all without the lungs of the
earth his dear boss of this piece
that graph
incorrect to see that climax
presentation no not in biomass and
if it does not increase in biomass, then
so I just can't get oxygen
produce
yes it is difficult to understand
back to previous videos
often video about energy theme yes fine
yes for kilos of paper news presentation
to do so therefore any successes
other races called chances reynders like
this went off
yes we have to go back here
whining just under half of that
graph but that is never complete
something always went wrong
to be
with which you
reputation to the fire brigade
grow and this is then secondary success
goes much faster
in the netherlands there are very bad
try to do with your current one
He fires off letting the grazing the
sheep to ensure that your heart and that
is measuring a stage between the juniac
timax in that it stays there day
in forest will have to pay attention
Fight on some items that come with this
have to do what am i going to ask about
come in your final school exam
think of abiotic factors that
be different in ionic climax
wave bags
yes you do that vary a lot and here
much more evenly yes
amount of water becomes availability
some keyless available here
strongly varying and more even here
plus a very raw type of yabai
had to
time drive climax presentation rounds
in general, here's your own time
here very small yes small numbers
types and here very many species
population magnification makes you large
yes a few flat can grow in here
the par organisms that you can exist
they have a very large population and here
a very small population and last
still the
food became complexity isio free
simple and few species you have
a little complex food web and here is
it very complex
yes see a few things about succession
important for dutch here what me
though not just for him said him too
suspected closure that kind of thing
well this was ecology two of you
next more successful with biology